now we go on to the other pairing as
sandy and Mike now we're gonna get you
to do well we see some more on film and
theater styles of them anymore David
Lynch yes science fiction what would
that Bugs Bunny you get out a lot of it
see anymore mr. Magoo Rambo Rambo's ago
we got loads there now let's do let's
give you a situation
one of you is visiting the other one in
prison in jail okay just go around we
cut him with some styles in a minute
well I'm frankly disappointed I um I
haven't been able to visit you because
I've been seeing someone else but I love
you I love you I do
I killed your mother for you and that's
why I love you you freed me and Here I
am alone in this hideous present
science fiction but not for long
thinking I mean yes with that simple
blow I killed your mother for I have
power in my fingertips you would be
delighted that take is matching to a
horror film I think you let me just tell
you one thing you've created me now
destroy me
it makes me wonder it's only two days
till my period having set the mood down
it's going to spin to Bugs Bunny
Bufferin PMS let's finish on something
more childish Rambo 416 in essence run
out buy me a couple of tampons I'll be
eating chocolate in the bedroom
okay let's end there thank you very much
thank you I'll give you a turn a quarter
each there to be more if it was in any
way broadcast of all now let's move on
to a game called gospel this will
feature all four contestants you'd like
to step forward
what they're gonna do is then make up a
song and gospel song on the spot about
somebody's job and that'll be done with
the assistance of Richard Ranch at the
piano now somebody got a job they'd like
to have this song
bus drivers bus drivers are very good
one I'm glad you you know full set
throughout it five thousand other people
suggesting their jobs ok bus drive is
the bus driving gospel song our perfect
subject I thought
take it away Christopher
but in the teeth it's much more captain
woman being loved from underneath I'm
standing waiting for you by the side of
the road rain is coming down but I'm
waiting for you by the saddle
can't wait till you lift me up with my
heavy load cause I wait waiting failure
by the side of the wall
give all this go to heaven
- endeavor I dropped it straight back
the pearly gates
you better not smoke it don't be a leg
you gotta have your tickets oh you're
gonna just have to whoa
oh yes yes indeedy very good and that
was sadly Pelle Saturday last game and
taking out the points I see that Jim
Miss came in is this week's winner so
Paige the prize for winning it's the
price we need to read the credits in the
style of my choosing I'll actually
written the style of Popeye Jim
okay Popeye okay just remain something
to develop oh I made a joke about that
before is it camera supplies everything
miller hook is a anyway my camera Kelly
lucky' I can't pronounce any of these
with me let me just save a whole lot of
12 people involved that's right a whole
lot of 12 people
really the rest of it anyway
you